[MIT-2060] chore: update spend request webhook docs (#13)
vendasta/marketplace-documentation: docs/Other/marketplace_webhooks.md

The spend change request webhook is called every time a spend change is requested for one of the vendor's products.

> Details:

Reviewer: Could you add an explanation as to how the system picks what currency to do the conversion into, where it gets the rate, and why there is a conversion at all. I assume it has something to do with the SMB paying in a different currency than the vendor's system consumes variable spend in.

Author: Sure, I'll add more description to the docs. We must always convert non-USD values to USD because while partners can pay in USD, AUD, or CAD for digital ads and potentially other products, Vendasta only pays vendors in USD.

- **currency** _The currency in which the spend/budget is being requested._

> - **requested_value** _The requested new spend value/budget, in cents (or smallest denomination in other currencies)._

Reviewer 2: Without seeing this in context it's difficult for me to determine what might be the "most" clear phrasing haha. But off the top of my head:

Received from reseller
- currency: The currency of the requested spend
- conversion_value: The amount of the requested spend in cents (or smallest denomination in other currencies), before currency conversion

Sent to vendor
- conversion_currency: The currency that the requested spend will be converted to
- requested_value: The amount of the requested spend in cents (or smallest denomination in other currencies) after conversion to the conversion_currency

This might be kind of off base though, please let me know if I misinterpreted the request for input

> - **requested_value** _The requested new spend value/budget, in cents (or smallest denomination in other currencies)._

Author: That sounds great, thanks!

- **conversion_currency** _The currency that the original spend/budget was converted to._
- **conversion_value** _The original requested new spend value/budget in cents, before currency conversion._

> - **conversion_rate** _The conversion rate used to convert ConversionValue to obtain the RequestedValue._

Reviewer: I think this will make it a little more clear that the message is talking about the fields.
```suggestion
- **conversion_rate** _The conversion rate used to convert `conversion_value` to obtain the `requested_value`._

```
